Small lesson on imports.
Situation:
1) Banta must be held as a package so it fits correctly into setuptools architecture and is nicely
handled. Also so we can use absolute imports like "import banta.x" which should be the correct way.
2) Putting a run script inside banta package could screw all the imports.
3) We need to be able to run banta from:
	a) Module (pòssibly python -m banta (thought i havent tested that yet))
	b) From import (import banta; banta.run()) (for tests)
	c) Using setuptools (so i need a correct script)
	d) From pyinstaller
4) Python sets the first entry in sys.path pointing to the directory of the script being executed.

Handling all that is pretty complex.
Basically Banta module must be importable (in the path).
But to add challenge python sets the __path of the script being executed__ as the FIRST path entry.
That basically means that if i have a local module called banta, that local module is imported
instead of a global one, which is cool. But also can make banta module completely uninportable if
the script to be ran is not in the "banta/.." directory (the directory containging the banta module).
The path added by python is NOT the current directory, is the path of the script, so if we have a structure
like the one we have now:
pkg
	bin/
		run.py
	banta/
		__init__.py

doing this :
	pkg:> python bin/run.py
will be the same as doing this
	pkg/bin:> python run.py
in any case the module won't be found because the path will point to pkg/bin and not to pkg (where banta is).

We could set the 1st path entry to the current working directory (os.getcwd()) which would work, but will mess
with everything else.
It would work with setuptools because banta is now global so the cwd doesn't matters, but won't work with
pyinstaller that uses mostly local paths.

Basically we can't
1) Put the run script in banta/ directory
	(doing "from banta import *" breaks some stuff, and also i don't like it)
2) Put the run script in another folder and fake the path

That leaves us with the only sane option. To put the script in "banta/.." directory, and hopefully that works with
setuptols too.